feat: ui.footer (#1100)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/components/footer.md

# Footer

A footer for a document or section.

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_footer = ui.footer("© All rights reserved.")
```

## Content

The footer component represents a footer that inherits styling from its parent container. It accepts any renderable node, not just strings.

## Slots

> `ui.footer` is intended to be used in container components with layouts that provide a slot for `ui.footer` (and other supported elements). These components handle the layout and styling of such elements for you. See [`ui.dialog`](./dialog.md#content) and [`ui.contextual_help`](./contextual_help#example) for more detailed examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ui.footer` is intended to be used in container components with layouts that provide a slot for `ui.footer` (and other supported elements). These components handle the layout and styling of such elements for you. See [`ui.dialog`](./dialog.md#content) and [`ui.contextual_help`](./contextual_help#example) for examples of a footer used in the context of a container.
```

> ```python
> from deephaven import ui
> 
> 
> my_footer_order_example = ui.dialog(
>     ui.heading("Customer Support Request"),
>     ui.content(
>         "We have received your support request and are currently reviewing it. Our team will get back to you soon."
>     ),
>     ui.footer(
>         "Ticket ID: #123456 | Status: In Progress | Support email: support@deephaven.io"
>     ),
> )
> ```

Reviewer: This example is weird, because we're not using a dialog like a dialog (triggering it and opening it), it's just appearing in a panel.
I'd just get rid of this example, it's fine to refer to Dialog/ContextualHelp for other examples.
```suggestion
```
